were the people and appeal today I am
going to be reviewing and interesting
bicycle go stick and no it is not the
actual thing this is the actual thing
visit I think so I be on it this one is
month we won't cause I to come to see
yes it has the standard bicycle Ghost
Box you know Queen of Hearts reveal jack
o diamonds were real and barcode yeah
I'm record stuff mine's actually did
come with you but yeah I took off wow
that was epic hey so what this deck is
it's a rising card deck however it's not
that kind of is not the kind of rising
card check that you would expect the
kind of deck you would probably expect
is a stripper deck but that's not this
deck this is very interesting just it
has the UV 500 airflow finish very nice
get the box out of play sorry yeah we'll
take that out and usually when you open
it up it has a peak tab right here yeah
this is the gimmick this is the gimmick
thank you take the ace of spades see
that little part right there has a
little bit sticking us on it to turn
around and magically Yankees
oops Bob get onto it press it together
and makes it rise there we go see it's
not the glue isn't so bad fit okay can
we will just slide it out see how this
skinny and dutch these cars are exactly
like stick standard goes dead meaning I
have extra cards duplicates the under
this little packet so it makes it go up
inside of here you won't be able to see
though there's a little weight a tiny
weight so it's kind of like I believe
into his like an elevator once I goes
down the other side goes up see I'm
lifting the weight up up five pulling
this down plus all this is touched by a
tiny nylon string mmm Jake make cards
riders out of the deck paying like it's
magical like take this and put it on
there just squeeze it together and
upside down and just wave your fingers
to make it look plenty and it apparently
rise out of the deck when in reality
it's tucked a little tab right there so
yeah I have an extra ace of spades
awesome and so the gimmick a rising card
deck there's like almost no way for
people to detect it but there's only one
way
this thing makes sound unfortunately if
you listen closely to my video on a
rising card trick yes this is so real
also kinda yeah you hear this something
like that part way to completely
excitement but that's it it gets a 9 out
of 10